author-instructions.md, before:

---
title: Instructions for Authors
short_title: Author Instructions
---

Speakers at the GOOD Conference are invited to submit a full-length article to be included in the conference proceedings.

Articles can be submitted in one of the following formats:

* MyST Markdown
* LaTeX
* Microsoft Word (DOCX)

For the best experience with the submission system and to be able to easily preview the web-based format of your article while you are writing we recommend using MyST or LaTeX. 

## MyST Markdown

MyST Markdown is a flavor of Markdown that has been extended for technical writing. It's possible to write your entire submission in MyST Markdown, Which will be used to create your web-based article and a PDF version. More information MyST Markdown see https://mystmd.org. 

If you choose to submit using MyST Markdown you will be making your submission via GitHub, knowledge of Git and GitHub-based fork, PR and review workflows is required.

To make your submission follow the instructions on the proceedings GitHub repo: https://github.com/curvenote/good-proceedings.

## LaTeX

Although we can accept submissions in LaTeX, the build system for your article will still be missed markdown. MyST allows markdown (`.md`) and/or `.tex` files to be used interchangeably in your article, so you can write in LaTeX while using the `myst` and `curvenote` command line tools to build and preview your article. Find out more about LaTeX support in MyST Markdown here: https://mystmd.org/guide/writing-in-latex.

If you choose to submit using MyST Markdown you will be making your submission via GitHub, knowledge of Git and GitHub-based fork, PR and review workflows is required.

To make your submission follow the instructions on the proceedings GitHub repo: https://github.com/curvenote/good-proceedings.

## Microsoft Word (docx)

You can also submit directly in a Microsoft Word file. In order to prepare your submission, please download the Microsoft Word template (link) and follow the instructions within.

Once your submission is ready, you can submit using the form here.

After submission, your article will be converted to MyST Markdown and hosted in the proceedings' GitHub repo. At that point, you'll be provided with a link that you can use to preview your article. If you have an account on GitHub, you'll also be able to see the review of your article and read and respond to comments from editors.

Commit message:

📋 slides & poster advice, form links

author-instructions.md, after:

---
title: Instructions for Authors
short_title: Author Instructions
---

Speakers at the GOOD Conference are invited to submit a [full-length article](#articles) to be included in the conference proceedings as well as deposit their [slides or poster](#slides-and-posters) for inclusion in the proceedings.

# Articles

Articles can be submitted in one of the following formats:

* MyST Markdown
* LaTeX
* Microsoft Word (DOCX)

For the best experience with the submission system and to be able to easily preview the web-based format of your article while you are writing we recommend using MyST or LaTeX. 

## MyST Markdown

MyST Markdown is a flavor of Markdown that has been extended for technical writing. It's possible to write your entire submission in MyST Markdown, Which will be used to create your web-based article and a PDF version. More information MyST Markdown see https://mystmd.org. 

If you choose to submit using MyST Markdown you will be making your submission via GitHub, knowledge of Git and GitHub-based fork, PR and review workflows is required.

To make your submission follow the instructions on the proceedings GitHub repo: https://github.com/curvenote/good-proceedings.

## LaTeX

Although we can accept submissions in LaTeX, the build system for your article will still be missed markdown. MyST allows markdown (`.md`) and/or `.tex` files to be used interchangeably in your article, so you can write in LaTeX while using the `myst` and `curvenote` command line tools to build and preview your article. Find out more about LaTeX support in MyST Markdown here: https://mystmd.org/guide/writing-in-latex.

If you choose to submit using MyST Markdown you will be making your submission via GitHub, knowledge of Git and GitHub-based fork, PR and review workflows is required.

To make your submission follow the instructions on the proceedings GitHub repo: https://github.com/curvenote/good-proceedings.

## Microsoft Word (docx)

You can also submit directly in a Microsoft Word file. In order to prepare your submission, please download the Microsoft Word template (link) and follow the instructions within.

Once your submission is ready, you can submit using the form here: https://forms.gle/5Zk9cvKxr7pgRB3DA.

After submission, your article will be converted to MyST Markdown and hosted in the proceedings' GitHub repo. At that point, you'll be provided with a link that you can use to preview your article. If you have an account on GitHub, you'll also be able to see the review of your article and read and respond to comments from editors.  


# Slides and Posters

You can depsoit your conference slides or posters in one of two ways:

1. By opening a PR on the proceedings GitHub repository: https://github.com/curvenote/good-proceedings and adding your files in the `posters/` or `slides/` folder.
2. By using the form here: https://forms.gle/QLvDVE9fj1m2wwJM6
